Game of Life - Basic Concepts
	We implement a abstract class cell, with the following variables and functions.  T_starve represents necesity of food, T_full represent a full cell, that two function are represented by two timestamp variables. Alive cells represents number of the cell involved in hunger game. TimesFeed represent a variable which told us how many times a cell was feeded. MUltiply is the function which has the role to start the multiplication scheme. In principle we try to fiind two cells who feeded 10 times. Function feed is use for start the feeding of the cells. Divide on Death is used to produce random 1 to 5 units of food, because a death cell represents food between 1 and 5. 
	First of all we need to implement two principal extended classes for the cells, sexed cells, and asexual cells.
	 First class will produce a random number of sexed cells, in limit of an integer, because we need to have the oportunity to see the progress of the division and multiplication of the cells. First class will have two properties, T_starve, and T_full, which are used to see the starving status of the sexed cells. We will try to implement this type of characteristics with functions and parameters, to verify every single sexed cell. We need a count which need to count the meals of the sexed cells. After count(timesFed) >= 10 and two sexed cells will meet , count will reset and the number of the sexed cells, will be incremented with 1. We will have a function, divideOnDeath() which will be built for starving cells, and at the end of the execution will decrement the number of the cell with the n units,and improve the food units with 1 to 5 units, because we will try to verify all the sexed cells.
	Second class will be in the same manner like the first one, we will create a random number of asexual cells, we will implement T_starve and T_full, which have the role to see the hunger status of the asexual starving(we will implement in both class time functions). We will try to implement this type of characteristics with functions and parameters, to verify every single asexual cell. We will implement a count parameter or function to see and register the number of the meals, for each cell, when one cell will have the count(timesFed) == 10, the count will reset, and after that , number of cell will be incremented by 1. divideOnDeath() function is the same like in the other class, and have the same role.
	After sexual multiplication, sexed or asexual, we will take in consideration the new starving cells. We will make two functions or methods(multiply) which will pass at the prime category of each type of cell
	Condition of cell will be implemented with timestamp  and units of food, we need to see the progress and the time requirements for developing and destroying a population.
	Food class is used for declaring the number of units of food. Consume is the consumption start.
	Sexed_Cell And Asexed Cell are implementing the methotd from abstract class. We will call them with super.
